well it's been a while since the time of
videos I've had many other things there
so now I've got this Ltd here to strip
the things ruined don't ask me about
that
and behind this I have an essence
well this mission seems to have a few
problems like the stardom that is routed
the fuel pump relay stuff and fuel pump
itself stopped so it doesn't really go
anywhere and I cut this off the battery
it was completely pointless I had a
negative going of the battery a positive
gearing his battery which went to this
relay which went to these two wires
which would take two yellow which go
back to the relay and the way it's wired
up all it can do is energize the relay
but the problem is the way it's wired it
needs to be energized to stay energized
so in other words it was completely
pointless we yeah today's little job I
put a new condenser in this about six
months ago this is the old series one
and it's failed
guess what brand it is hmm yes off so
that doesn't surprise me at all so I've
got an American brand one now and I'll
put that in and see what happens these
parts here were made in the USA and for
both the points then condenser it cost
me four dollars an 80 cents so this
Bosch condenser it cost 10 dollars we
know we'll see what happens
alright there's new points and condenser
installed so hopefully I don't have to
do this again within the six months it's
quite annoying well I can answer to show
of fact these plants were pretty much
perfect when I put it in now you can see
that all black is burnt around the edges
and lots of material transfer so
sparking at the points not this back
legs stupid posh condensers this happens
way too often no let's see if that works
and then it send back the other one for
warranty
much better
before an attack I was going completely
man cool and it was me spying and
everything
you all get the same happy
excellent
I am happy dad comes out for this crazy
late days but after that wake of all my
fifty degrees every day
I don't blame